= fast-agnoster =

Agnoster theme for zsh is so cool, but default vcs_info is too slow when under
large git repo.

Using python to rewrite its function(but only for git), and skip all unneccesary
git command to speed up.

There are so many many zsh-theme, and so many git prompt theme, why I need to
try this one?

SPEED.

TODO:
Screenshot.

== process ==
* when not chpwd, not execute specific command, directly keep git info.
* when chpwd, if not under home directory, or not under git repo, directly
return void status.
* when chpwd, checking git root dir, if not changed, keep git info.
* when chpwd, changed git root dir, send a "get" request to daemon service.
daemon server return it by checking cache.
* when execute specific command, send a "update" request to deamon service.
daemon server will update with git command, and return it.

When enter a interactive shell, it using "get" request to avoid first lag.

== install ==
TODO:

== how-to ==
* using zsh-hook to chpwd, preexec, precmd event, then execute corrsponding
function.
* using netcat to exchange data with daemon service.
* using python socketserver to fork a daemon service.
* using Popen to execute external git command, then parse it.

== FAQ ==
* Which git info supported?
Till now, this theme support git info list below. All info only display when
it's not zero or null.
    # branch
    # short sha, when branch is "HEAD"
    # remote branch, but only display when it's not "origin/master"
    # ahead or behind commits number
    # stage (modify, add, delete) file number
    # dirty (modify, delete, untrack) file number
Yet not support listed below.
    # tag name
    # fetch / merge / .. status

* some strange symbol, or box?
Error on font, check powerline-patched font, and make sure it support unicode
charctor.

NOTE:
you can sperate support it with differenet fonts, but using all fonts under your
OS or terminal.

If you still meet this problem, try other unicode symbol. check "how to custom"
question.

* I meet a bug???
    # check dependency first, please.
    # check /tmp/fast-agnoster.log, try to find some useful info.
    # submit it to me.

* I want to custom it, how to?
color, check function prompt_fast_git in fast-agnoster.zsh-theme,
$GIT_Status, 3 -> dirty, 2 -> stage, 1 -> clean.

symbol, check Symb class in gitstatus.py.

format, check fmt*** and combSeg function in gitstatus.py.

Happy refining it.

* why need so complex, why not directly using vcs_info?
speed, when you work under a large git repo, you will understand.

* why using python or daemon?
I want to cache git info, but shell not support MAP struct easily.
However, python interaptor is so slow to startup, if checking with
"time python -c pass".
Daemon mode and combined with netcat, it need less than 0.01 seconds.

== dependency ==
Actualy, if you find / like / need this theme, not need any more dependency.

| powerline patched-font | why like this theme?               |
| netcat or nc           | network under shell                |
| git                    | :)                                 |
| zsh                    | only for zsh                       |
| python2                | I am old-fashioned.                |
| disambiguate-keeplast  | a directory abbr plugin (internal) |


== TODO ==
* monitor file system status to update git info, not by specific command.
* add persistence of cache, so avoid first git command after boot.
